“If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together... there is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. But the most important thing is, even if we're apart... I'll always be with you.” ― A.A. Milne
“You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I have lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
“Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
“Sometimes, if you stand on the bottom rail of a bridge and lean over to watch the river slipping slowly away beneath you, you will suddenly know everything there is to be known.” ― A.A. Milne
“Never dull your shine for somebody else.” ― Tyra Banks
“And no one will listen to us until we listen to ourselves.” ― Marianne Williamson
“Feeling at peace, however fragilely, made it easy to slip into the visionary end of the dark-sight. The rose shadows said that they loved the sun, but that they also loved the dark, where their roots grew through the lightless mystery of the earth. The roses said: You do not have to choose. ” ― Robin McKinley
“Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.” ― Norman Vincent Peale
“Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.” ― Cynthia Kersey
“Don't worry about who doesn't like you, who has more, or who's doing what.” ― Erma Bombeck
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection” ― Gautama Buddha
“Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.” ― August Wilson
“When you're different, sometimes you don't see the millions of people who accept you for what you are. All you notice is the person who doesn't.” ― Jodi Picoult
“Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.” ― Nelson Mandela
“When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins. At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened.” ― Shannon L. Alder
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.” ― Lao Tzu
“It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.” ― E.E. Cummings
“Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.” ― Winston S. Churchill
“Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.” ― Kurt Cobain
“Because one believes in oneself, one doesn't try to convince others. Because one is content with oneself, one doesn't need others' approval. Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him or her.” ― Lao Tzu
“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” ― André Gide
“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, love like you'll never be hurt, sing like there's nobody listening, and live like it's heaven on earth.” ― William W. Purkey
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.” ― Oscar Wilde
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” ― Marilyn Monroe
“Your greatness is revealed not by the lights that shine upon you, but by the light that shines within you.” ― Ray Davis
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” ― Thomas A. Edison
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” ― George Eliot
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!” ― Audrey Hepburn
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” ― Abraham Lincoln
“You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.” ― A.A. Milne
“Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?” ― L.M. Montgomery
“I will clamber through the clouds and exist.” - John Keats
"And every day, the world will drag you by the hand, yelling, This is important! And this is important! And this is important! You need to worry about this! And this! And this! And each day, it’s up to you to yank your hand back, put it on your heart and say, No. This is what’s important." - Iain Thomas
